Now the web industry as a whole tries to stress the separation of concerns.
HTML should be in the HTML file.
Styling should be in a CSS file.
And interactivity should be in a JavaScript file.
And it's best not to mix these together.
So it might feel a little wrong to be putting your page styling in your JavaScript file.
And you know what, I totally agree.
Styles should be in a style sheet.
However we do have to tie these together just a little.
For example, a class is added in your HTML,
which will apply styling to the element,
and we can search through the DOM to find a class using JavaScript.
So instead of writing our styles in JavaScript let's
just have our JavaScript control the class attribute for an element.